// Name:			Matheus Leitao	
// Student Number:	148 300 171
// Email:			mfleitao@myseneca.ca	
// Workshop:		Workshop #1: in_home
// -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. What is a namespace? Explain its purpose.

Namespace is scope which can contains variables, declaration and definition of functions. It's basically
used to avoid conflicts related to usage of same identifier when more than one developer work at the same 
project. It means, there's a high probability that a name of a variable or a function can be used twice 
for different programmers, so it would cause a conflict during the compilation. Using different namespaces
even with same name of variables or functions whithin those would avoid conflicts. 


2. Why are header files needed? Explain. 

They're needed to declare constants, variables and function prototypes. No one supposed to have access
to the definition of functions, for instance. All of functions should be accessed by the header as a 
contract and not by including the .cpp file directly, which means that any definition shouldn't be accessed.


3. In the instructions above, you were directed to compile only .cpp files but not the .h files. 
Explain why you should never compile header files. 

We don't need to compile header files, actually. In fact, they're included into definition files, so they 
aren't seen by the compiler as independent. Because of that, we never compile them.


4. Explain why you should never include .cpp files in another file.

When we include a file it tells the preprocessor to copy the file included into the active file, which would 
take much more time to compile in a big project with so many files. Also, a cpp file is a type of "black box"
which means that its definition of functions shouldn't be accessed by it, just by the header file. 


5. Explain in your own words what have you learned on this workshop.

I've learned how to modularize and organize better the function declarations and their definitions using
header and cpp files properly. Also, the importance of using "namespace" to avoid conflicts when there are
more developers working at the same project. Differences between header files and cpp files and which one of 
these should be included or not and also the importance of header files. 

